<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="meet-mins2xhtml.xslt"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.wwp.northeastern.edu/ns/meetingMinutes/1.0">
  <teiHeader>
    <fileDesc>
      <titleStmt>
        <title>Notes from TEI-in-Libraries Best Practices Work Group
        conference call of <date when="2017-05-08"/> </title>
        <author>
          <persName xml:id="Syd">Syd Bauman</persName>
        </author>
      </titleStmt>
      <publicationStmt>
        <p>Not really published, but available under Artistic License
        2.0 if you really want.</p>
      </publicationStmt>
      <sourceDesc>
        <p>born digital</p>
      </sourceDesc>
    </fileDesc>
  </teiHeader>
  <text>
    <front>
      <div type="section">
        <head>Notes on the notes themselves</head>
        <p>Notes added after the fact <note resp="#Syd">look like this</note>.</p>
        <p>Notes that I insert that are for others to answer and correct or supply (typically
        because I missed something) <note resp="#Syd" type="temp">look like this</note>. They also
        occur in a table “Questions on minutes themselves” near the top.</p>
      </div>
      <div type="section">
        <head>This meeting</head>
        <p>Kevin Hawkins (chair), Syd Bauman (note-taker), and Paul
        Schaffner began @ ~17:02Z; Elli Mylonas joined us @
        ~17:24Z. Andrew Rouner had sent his apologies.
        <note type="temp" resp="#Syd">Kevin — who else said they couldn't make it?</note>
        </p>
        <p>Meeting adjourned @ ~17:56.</p>
      </div>
    </front>
    <body>
      <div type="section">
        <head>Ticket Review</head>
        <p>We reviewed outstanding tickets per our <ref
        target="https://wiki.tei-c.org/index.php/BP_revision_ticket_triage">BP
        revision ticket triage</ref> page.</p>
        <p>We then quickly reviewed the same information via <ref
        target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues">GitHub</ref>
        itself, to make sure that the status there matches the status
        on the triage page. Kevin discovered the secret to listing
        GitHub tickets that <emph>do not</emph> possess a certain
        quality: prefix the search term by a minus sign (U+002D).
        E.g., <code>is:issue is:open -label:postponed</code> will list
        the open issues <emph>without</emph> the label
        <q>postponed</q>.</p>
        <list type="gloss">

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/12">ticket #12</ref></label>
          <item>Paul pointed out that the requirement to use
          <gi>listBibl</gi> with <gi>bibl</gi>, <gi>author</gi>, and
          <gi>title</gi> at level 4 would knock many projects at the
          University of Michigan out of level 4. It is quite
          human-intensive to ascertain which bits of a bibliographic
          entry are <gi>author</gi>s and <gi>title</gi>s. While the
          concern was noted, no changes to the plan were made.<note
          resp="#Syd">In which case these U. Mich. projects may become
          excellent examples of projects that use the BPGs as
          Guidelines, but do not strictly adhere to a specific
          level.</note> <action><persName>Elli</persName><item>Adjust
          the prose of the BPGs per the ticket, then notify Syd, who
          will adjust the schema to match.</item><date
          when="2017-05-29"/></action></item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/13">ticket #13</ref></label>
          <item>Kevin has met with Adam Baron, the cataloger at his
          institution. He (Kevin) has paper notes from their nearly
          4-hour long meeting on <date when="2017-05-06">Sat 06
          May</date>. <action><persName>Kevin</persName><item>Write up
          notes from meeting with cataloger Adam Baron and post to
          group.</item><date when="2017-06-05"/></action></item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/16">ticket #16</ref></label>
          <item>Still on Kevin, nothing to report.
          <action><persName>Kevin</persName><item>Tackle ticket 16.</item><date when="2017-06-18"/></action>
          </item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/19">ticket #19</ref></label>
          <item>Still on Kevin, nothing to report.
          <action><persName>Kevin</persName><item>Tackle ticket 19.</item><date when="2017-06-18"/></action>
          </item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/23">ticket #23</ref></label>
          <item>Still on Kevin, nothing to report.
          <action><persName>Kevin</persName><item>Tackle ticket 23.</item><date when="2017-06-18"/></action>
          </item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/26">ticket #26</ref></label>
          <item>Still on Elli, nothing to report.
          <action><persName>Elli</persName><item>Tackle ticket 26.</item><date when="2017-06-18"/></action>
          </item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/27">ticket #27</ref></label>
          <item>Indefinitely postponed.</item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/28">ticket #28</ref></label>
          <item>Kevin worked on this with Adam the cataloger, too.
          Adam basically thinks BIBFRAME is too new and too under
          development to actively recommend its use.<note
          resp="#Syd">I think this ticket should be closed, and
          re-opened (or re-created) if &amp; when BIBFRAME is more up
          to the task.</note></item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/37">ticket #37</ref></label>
          <item>Syd reports we are still waiting on TEI Council, and
          likely will be for a long time. The remaining validity issue
          is that we use some TEI elements (e.g., <gi>gi</gi>,
          <gi>att</gi>, and <gi>val</gi>) inside Schematron elements
          (<gi>sch:assert</gi> and <gi>sch:report</gi>). These show up
          as invalid according to TEI schemas, although they would be
          valid against Schematron itself. Resolution of this ticket
          is blocked (by Council), but it is not blocking anything
          else.</item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/44">ticket #44</ref></label>
          <item>This ticket cannot be worked on until we are done with
          the others and just about ready to publish. James R. Griffin
          III volunteered to execute this ticket a while ago.</item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/46">ticket #46</ref></label>
          <item>Still on Kevin, nothing to report.
          <action><persName>Kevin</persName><item>Tackle ticket 46.</item><date when="2017-06-18"/></action>
          </item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/47">ticket #47</ref></label>
          <item>Still on Elli, nothing to report. (It was low
          priority, but now that other things have been done, is
          hereby bumped up the priority tree a bit.)
          <action><persName>Elli</persName><item>Tackle ticket
          47.</item><date when="2017-06-18"/></action>
          </item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/50">ticket #50</ref></label>
          <item>This ticket was closed <date when="2017-02-13"/>, but
          we should remember to do a final ODD-sweep still Pure ODD
          before publication to ensure everything that can be Pure ODD
          is so.</item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/52">ticket #52</ref></label>
          <item>Still on Kevin, nothing to report.
          <action><persName>Kevin</persName><item>Tackle ticket 52.</item><date when="2017-06-18"/></action>
          </item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/53">ticket #53</ref></label>
          <item>Andrew Rouner is currently working on this, but we are
          not sure he will be doing all the outstanding work.
          <action><persName>Syd</persName><item>Read through ticket
          and at least fold what AR says three into repository prose,
          if not finish entire ticket.</item><date when="2017-05-23"/></action></item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/56">ticket #56</ref></label>
          <item>Syd will check if done, and was reminded to get it
          done soon if not
          <action><persName>Syd</persName><item>Tackle ticket 56.</item><date when="2017-05-16"/></action>
          </item>

          <label><ref target="https://github.com/kshawkin/Best-Practices-for-TEI-in-Libraries/issues/57">ticket #57</ref></label>
          <item>We had a long discussion on how to handle this. The
          eventual decision was to put the acknowledgments for people
          involved in the previous release (version 3.0) and the
          upcoming release we are working on (likely version 3.1) in
          the same section. We will use the current
          <q>Acknowledgments</q> section for this purpose, modifying
          as appropriate:
          <list>
            <item>Add something like “version 3.0”, “version 3.1”, or “versions 3.0 &amp; 3.1” parenthetically after the name.</item>
            <item>Add missing people. (E.g., those who worked on 3.1 but are not there already for having worked on 3.0)</item>
            <item>Use a solidus between institution names if person
            has changed institutions (e.g., <q>Brown University /
            Northeastern University</q>)</item>
            <item>Use <q>(Ret.)</q> for those who have retired.</item>
          </list>
          Note that the <q>writing</q> section is for those who
          contributed to the GitHub repository (or suggested prose
          that someone else committed); the <q>planning</q> for those
          who attended conference but did not contribute content.
          <action><persName>Kevin</persName><item>Tackle ticket
          57</item><date when="2017-06-18"/></action>
          </item>
        </list>
      </div>
      <div>
        <head>Next meeting</head>
        <p>As various of us will be away at various DH events in early June, we scheduled our
        next meeting for <date when="2017-06-18T17:00:00Z">Mon 18 Jun @ 13:00 EDT</date>.
        Our goal is to have completed work on all 8 non-postponed tickets by then.</p>
      </div>
    </body>
  </text>
</TEI>
